Fix Dns rewrites location (#560)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/troubleshooting/networking.md

## Split Brain DNS
So what's this split brain DNS (also known as split horizon DNS, split-DNS) thing and why would I need it? If your router doesn't do hairpin NAT, you still need to access your Home Assistant via the public DNS name, e.g. `my-home.duckdns.org`. Why is that? Because valid encryption via https and SSL certificates only works for public DNS names. What this means is that the certificate name on your server needs to match the DNS name you enter in your browser or app. This is fine with hairpin NAT available but becomes an issue when it's not. In this case you need to "split" the answer your browser/app gets when it looks up the IP address behind `my-home.duckdns.org` - you need one answer for devices on your home network that points to the internal IP address of your Home Assistant (e.g. `192.168.1.4`) and another answer for when you're out and about [e.g. `104.25.25.31`.

> The easiest solution to this is to use the Hass.io add-on [AdGuard Home](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-adguard-home). This can also be set up on some routers (e.g. pfSense or UniFi Security Gateways) but we'll continue on using our example guide with the tools provided via Hass.io: So you've now installed the AdGuard Home add-on and changed the DNS server on your router DHCP settings to the address of your Home Assistant. You should now go to the AdGuard Home setting page in your Hass.io panel and there go to `Settings` -> `Filters` and select: `DNS rewrites`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest solution to this is to use the [AdGuard Home](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-adguard-home) add-on for Home Assistant. This can also be set up on some routers (e.g. pfSense or UniFi Security Gateways) but we'll continue on using our example guide with the tools provided via Home Assistant: So you've now installed the AdGuard Home add-on and changed the DNS server on your router DHCP settings to the address of your Home Assistant. You should now go to the AdGuard Home setting page in your Supervisor panel and there go to `Settings` -> `Filters` and select: `DNS rewrites`
```

Hass.io is now just Home Assistant

Reviewer: Also feel free to change an "Hass.io"s I missed
